>> Jem Young: We are all together, we have
the same server running Ubuntu 16.04.
We all have node and
NPM installed properly.
So, now let's get to server security.
Two main parts to server security,
controlling access and
securing your applications.
Controlling access means
not letting people in.
That means strong authentication of login,
configuring your firewalls correctly,
configuring your permissions correctly.
Securing applications it's a little bit
trickier because you don't know every line
of code of every bit of
software you're running.
So the best you can do is keeping
your software up to date and
limiting your application use.
One of the most common server
vulnerabilities is just people
running outdated copies of WordPress,
or outdated copies of PHP Admin.
Or just software they don't even know what
it's running, because someone saw it at
one and is like, here's a cool tool, I'm
using it, they don't know what's going on.
So one of the easiest thing you can do
is just don't install too much software.
Unless you explicitly
know what you're doing.
That's a top tip.